---
id: 2a7l845q
title: Dev environment setup
file_version: 1.1.3
app_version: 1.18.45
---

To run your local dev environment you will need a few things on your machine. Follow the steps below.

## Installations

*   Install [Node JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/), version `>= 18.x`

*   Install an IDE (preferably [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/))

*   Install Git (if you don't already have it on your machine).
<br/>

## Getting the sources

Clone the repository locally:

```
git clone https://github.com/rsv6/backend-api-docs.git
```

## Build

*   Within the repository directory, run `npm install` to install the project's dependencies.

*   Then, build the project by running **npm run** `build`**.**
<br/>

## Windows additional steps

## Run the Tests

To run all the tests, run:

```
$ yarn test
```

To run subsets of the tests - you can use `yarn test:<name>`. For example:

```
$ yarn test:server
$ yarn test:utils
```

## Run

### macOS and Linux

```
./scripts/run.sh
```

### Windows

```
 .\scripts\run.bat
```

### Web

```
yarn web
```

## Scripts worth mentioning ⚡️✨

Serve your code with a development web server

```
$ yarn dev
```

Pack for Production. This will generate installers.

```
$ yarn pack
```

See package.json for full list of supported yarn scripts:

<br/>



<br/>

## Debugging

*   Open DevTools by pressing Command+Option+I (Mac) or Control+Shift+I (Windows, Linux). This shortcut opens the Console panel.

*   Click the Sources tab and pick a file from the files navigator.

*   A common method for debugging a problem is to insert a lot of console.log() statements into the code, in order to inspect values as the script executes, but breakpoints can get it done faster.

## Congrats

You now have your dev environment ready 🎉

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBYmFja2VuZC1hcGktZG9jcyUzQSUzQXJzdjY=/docs/2a7l845q).
